DatePicker (#64)
vtex/admin-ui: packages/admin-ui-docs/docs/experimental/about.mdx

---
title: About
path: /about/
---

# About

> We believe that progress comes from experimentation. So, recently released components often start as experimental. This helps us to evolve the component API using our user's feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We believe that progress comes from experimentation. So, recently released components often start as experimental. This helps us evolve the components' APIs using our user's feedback.
```

## Using experimental features

Experimental features have the `experimental_` prefix. To use them in your code, just change the name in the import.

```js
import {
  experimental_Component as Component,
  experimental_useHook as useHook,
  experimental_utility as utility,
} from '@vtex/admin-ui'
```

## Best practices

Before using experimental features, try to follow the best practices to avoid problems and enhance maintainability.

### Use exact versions

Experimental features can introduce breaking changes on patches and minors. To avoid problems, use the exact version of the library in the `package.json` file.

```json
{
  "dependencies": {
-   "@vtex/admin-ui": "^0.118.0"
+   "@vtex/admin-ui": "0.118.0"
  }
}
```

With yarn

```sh
yarn add @vtex/admin-ui --exact
```

> ### Create abstractions

Reviewer: Nice!

Author: ❤️
